README.md, before:

# Home Assistant - Desktop

Desktop App (Windows / macOS / Linux) for [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) built with [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org)

![Home Assistant - Desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mrvnklm/homeassistant-desktop/master/media/screenshot.png)

## Installation

Just download the latest version for your platform from the [release section](https://github.com/mrvnklm/homeassistant-desktop/releases/latest) to install Home Assistant

## Usage / Features

- hover / click the tray icon to open the app
- supports multiple instances of Home Assistant (including automatic switching)
- automatic instance discovery using bonjour
- right-click context menu for settings / reset / quit the app
- global keyboard shortcut (Cmd/Ctrl + Alt + X) can be enabled to show / hide Home Assistant
- fullscreen mode (Cmd/Ctrl + Alt + Return)
- automatic updates (if not disabled in context menu)

## Recent changes:

- added fullscreen mode
- added arm64 builds (experimental)
- updated electron (v8 to v13) + dependencies

## Notes

- if using "detached window" on Windows, instead of dragging, you have to resize it to move it

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Commit message:

Updates for Linux build, changed to yarn from NPM.

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant - Desktop

Desktop App (Windows / macOS / Linux) for [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) built with [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org)

Marvin seems to have moved on from this project; he's removed the repository. This fork is
my attempt to keep it working and make some changes to make it work properly on newer operating
systems.

![Home Assistant - Desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mrvnklm/homeassistant-desktop/master/media/screenshot.png)

## Installation

Just download the latest version for your platform from the [release section](https://github.com/sluzynsk/homeassistant-desktop/releases/latest) to install Home Assistant

## Usage / Features

- hover / click the tray icon to open the app
- supports multiple instances of Home Assistant (including automatic switching)
- automatic instance discovery using bonjour
- right-click context menu for settings / reset / quit the app
- global keyboard shortcut (Cmd/Ctrl + Alt + X) can be enabled to show / hide Home Assistant
- fullscreen mode (Cmd/Ctrl + Alt + Return)
- automatic updates (if not disabled in context menu)

## Recent changes:

- added fullscreen mode
- added arm64 builds (experimental)
- updated electron to v20 + dependencies
- work to make Linux build work better on GNOME 42, have proper icons, etc.

## Notes

- if using "detached window" on Windows, instead of dragging, you have to resize it to move it

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
